the aftermath of an Israeli drone strike
in
Gaza one vehicle reduced to tangle
wreckage stained with
blood some Palestinians were killed in
alava refugee
camp Witnesses say there were law
enforcement Personnel who had left their
albala to secure a site for Distributing
cooking gas a critical resource in the
warant torn strip
I heard this huge explosion and I saw
people and other things flying in the
street the scene was horrific no one
would ever think of seeing such a sight
and scene in their life this is
Injustice it is unfair to treat
civilians in a minibus like
this as Palestinians rushed To Hell
Israeli forces caught them in a second
drone
strike their bodies were taken to alaka
hospital where a funeral was held
meanwhile in hunis civil defense teams
have recovered hundreds more bodies
found in schools previously used as
civilian
shelters there are casualties of a days
long ground operation by Israeli forces
that has left widespread
destruction with much of Gaza demolished
and unsafe Palestinians have no place to
shelter and every day is full of
uncertainty and danger Axel zovich Al
jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer